what's up everybody Rachel snake you see
Rebecca shot a new video today's video
is gonna be on why you should attach
your icy Souls from your Jordan levels
my case Carolina's lows right now the
icicles aren't on here because as we
speak they are icy
now if you want to know how to hikes up
your icy souls click right here so
basically I want to be talking about why
you should detach your icy Souls
specifically for 11s any kind of 11 job
one of the major things that everybody
tries to avoid is so separation on me I
don't have a problem with it usually on
11th I just go ahead and take this all
off and you know just icing them but the
thing is the four possible damages /
risk that can happen when you are icing
your sneakers with the soles attached
are made so separation midsole shrinkage
your carbon fiber two separate and
possibly damaging your pan leather so I
highly recommend attaching them you save
yourself time and your sneakers so I
recommend doing that and now one of the
biggest flaws that you can possibly get
when I see your souls with when I seen
your souls while attached to the whole
shoe like these icing them all together
is midsole shrinkage which I know you've
probably never heard of or I've ever
experienced that but I have and I know
one of my viewers have midsole shrinkage
happened to him with his columbia's and
as well as me my Colombia's are
destroyed because of midsole shrinkage I
should have you know detached I see
soles and I decided just to keep them on
there and because I didn't detest you so
if my Colombia's are not destroyed so
you know that's just something to show
you you know this I'm talking about if
you're doing it outdoors I've been doing
it
doors you shouldn't have a problem with
this you shouldn't even have a probably
saw separation but and you're doing that
outdoors you run the risk of just
destroying your midsole you know just
everything with it now these I went
ahead and did it like instantly I just
put them in the Sun for like 30 minutes
and I died here in Texas it just it just
Schumer just completely gone so I had it
I just easily took it off and you know
so yeah thanks for watching this episode
of retro snickers make sure to subscribe
to my weekly sneak videos and like this
video and leave a comment and let me
know if you want to see this video on
how to reattach your ID soles and a
video of the results of the icy souls
after ice cream so yeah let me know like
this video leave a comment share my
videos thanks for watching and make sure
you subscribe to my weekly schedule
videos